{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red140\green211\blue254;\red24\green24\blue24;\red193\green193\blue193;
\red202\green202\blue202;\red194\green126\blue101;\red89\green138\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c61176\c86275\c99608;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;
\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c41569\c60000\c33333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh13060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
Animated figures : \
map_happiness			#animated map. \'91Evolution of Happiness Score from 2005 to 2019\'92\
scatt_happ_income 		#animated scatter. 'Happiness and Average Daily Income from 2005 to 2019'\
scatt_ine_income 		#animated scatter. Happiness and Income Inequality from 2005 to 2019\
scatt_income			#animates scatter. Average Daily Income and Income Inequality [2005 to 2019]\
scatt_happ_wom		#animated scatter. Happiness Score vs Woman Participation in Parliament [2005-2019]\
scatt_hap_gov			#animated scatter. Happiness Score and Index of Functioning Governemnent\
\
\
#For selected countries, native countries of the audience\
happ_countr			#animated line. Evolution of Happiness Score per Country\
scatt_happ_avg_countr	#animated scatter. \'91Happiness and Average Daily Income per Country from 2005 to 2019\'92\
\
\
Static figures : \
bar_happ_top_bot 		 #bar plot comparative of happiness score for top 10 and bottom 10 countries\
bar_wom				 #barplot of women participation in parliament per country over the years\
box_happ_top_bot		#box distribution happiness score from top and bottom 10 countries\
line_happ_cont			#line plot happiness score evolution over the years per continent \
line_happ_top_bot		#line happiness score evolution over the years per top 10 and bottom 10 countries\
line_happ_wom			#line plot Trends in Women's Parliamentary Participation and Happiness Scores by Continent (2006-2019)\
map_avg_happ 		#map Overview of Happiness Score from 2005 to 2019\
\
scatt_gov_dem 			#scatt index of funtioning goverment and democracy\
scatt_happ_cont 		#scatt happiness per continent, distribution over the years\
scatt_happ_demo 		#scatt relation betweenhappiness score and democracy index\
scatt_happ_gov 		#scatt relation between happiness score and index of functioning govermnent\
scatt_happ_incom 		#scatt relation between happiness score and avg daily income\
scatt_happ_wom		#scatt relation between happiness and women participation parliament \
scatt_income_avg_ineq 	 #scatt relation between income inequality and avg daily income \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 bar_wom\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 =\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 './visu/bar_wom.png'\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 # women participation per country\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
html.Div(children=html.Img(src=bar_wom),\
                                 style=\{'width': '900px', 'margin': 'auto', 'textAlign': 'center'\}),}